hey it's max in stab room here max is
10k formula.com
chances are you here because you're
looking for an unbiased Young Living
review either because you were thinking
of joining the business but you want to
see if it's legitimate or you're already
in the business you're already in Young
Living but you're struggling and you
want to get better results I myself have
actually been in network marketing since
2009 and my story is very very similar
to a lot of people so I need you to pay
attention right now because this is
probably what's gonna happen to you if
it's not already happen to you so I was
introduced to network marketing back in
2009 a company very very similar to
Young Living and here's what they told
me to do this is probably what they're
gonna tell you to do too
so here's what they said max make a list
of your friends and family you're gonna
put all your friends your family
acquaintances corkers everyone you can
think up on this list then you're gonna
be building your business based on its
list so I did that built a massive list
and then they told me to get all these
people in front of a presentation get
them to the hotel to the coffee shop to
do whatever you show them the plan then
what we're supposed to do is do a follow
up basically get on the phone with my
sponsor not blonde and prospect them get
them into the business and they told me
that you know this is this is the way to
do it this is what works and it's gonna
we're gonna build your business this way
so I did all that and I needed even more
I started going to malls and shopping
centers giving out my business cards and
stuff but it just didn't work and the
worst of it was that I felt completely
rejected by my friends and family
because they thought I was complete
doofus I even felt confused and
depressed because I did so much for my
business I worked hard but it just
wasn't working for me
but here's what happened next I came on
the internet looking for a solution I
came online looking for what others have
to say and just looking for a referral
for an answer and I found a system and a
mentor that showed me exactly step by
step what I need to do to start getting
results real tangible results in my
business and that's when I found a
system and a mentor that showed me all
this exactly what I need to do because I
found a system and mentor not only am I
now getting up to 500 bucks per day on a
daily basis I'm also getting up to 20
leads per day on a daily basis because
of
this not only that my mentor Matthew
he's getting over $30,000 every month
because of the simple formula and if you
click the link below this video to Max's
tanki formula.com you'll see exactly for
yourself how this process works now is
young living a scam that's what a lot of
people wonder is it a scam my
professional opinion it's not there's no
scam code the reason so many people fail
and call it names and this and that is
because of the marketing strategies that
are taught see people are taught these
old what I call dinosaur marketing
strategies that just simply don't work
97% of people fail because of these
strategies same as I did in the past I
failed because of these old strategies
that I came online looking for solutions
and I finally started getting results I
started generating income I started
getting daily leads for my business
because of the simple system and having
a mentor now if you click the link below
this video
to Max's 10k formula calm you'll see
exactly for yourself the system that I'm
using that's getting me these results
and getting people like my mentor over
30 thousand dollars every single month
so again click the link below this video
to Max's 10k form under comm check out
my free report and I'll see you guys on
the next page talk to you soon